Update README to be partner specific (#47)
rancher/partner-charts: README.md

Before you can prepare for changes, `packages.yaml` must be filled with the following:

- `URL` - the URL that references you chart's tgz file hosted in a helm repo

- `packageVersion` - The version of the package. This is appended to your chart's version in the form `{CHART_NAME}-{VERSION}{packageVersion}.tgz` after repackaging.

#### Example `package.yaml` (Repackaged as `chart-v0.1.200.tgz`)

```yaml
url: https://example.com/helm-repo/chart-v0.1.2.tgz 
packageVersion: 00 
``` 

Execute the following command to fetch the upstream chart (`URL` value stored in `package.yaml`), generate a `charts` 
directory, and prepare it with the upstream chart and changes in the patch file.

```
make prepare CHART={CHART_NAME}
```

### 4. Make changes

Any modifications to your upstream chart like **adding the partner label** will be done in the `charts` directory.

Add the partner label and required annotations in `Chart.yaml`:

```yaml
annotations:
  catalog.cattle.io/certified: partner
  catalog.cattle.io/namespace: {CHART_NAMESPACE}       # Your chart's name is recommended
  catalog.cattle.io/release-name: {CHART_RELEASE_NAME} # Your chart's name is recommended
```

> Save all your changes in the patch once you are done

Reviewer: Run `make patch CHART={CHART_NAME}` to save the changes to a `{CHART_NAME}.patch` file once you are done making changes. This file will automatically be created if any changes are detected and will be used to set up the chart on a `make prepare` in a future change.

```
make patch CHART={CHART_NAME}
```

### 5. Add Overlay Files

Any files you want to add on top of your upstream chart such as Rancher add-ons and logo (if you prefer keeping a local 
copy), should be placed in the `overlay` directory.

If this is a new chart, you will need the following:

> - `app-readme.md` - Write a brief description of the app and how to use it. It's recommended to keep it short as the longer

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- `app-readme.md` - Write a brief description of the app and how to use it. It's recommended to keep it short as the longer.
```

 `README.md` in your chart will be displayed in the UI as “detailed description”.

> - `questions.yaml` - These are the questions displayed in the chart's installation page, which answers are used to configure 
> the chart by populating its `values.yaml`. Generally, the questions are focused on covering common use cases and include 
> default values so users can install the chart with little effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `questions.yaml` - Allows you to define a set of questions that user can provide answers to. These questions will be displayed on the chart's installation page to make it easier for a user to configure common use cases / set default values exposed by the chart's `values.yaml` so that users can install the chart with little effort.
```

| 	max_length        | int     | false      | max character length.|
| 	min               | int     | false      |  min integer length. |
| 	max               | int     | false      |  max integer length. |
| 	options           | []string | false     |  specify the options when the vriable type is `enum`, for example: options:<br> - "ClusterIP" <br> - "NodePort" <br> - "LoadBalancer"|
| 	valid_chars       | string   | false     |  regular expression for input chars validation. |
| 	invalid_chars     | string   | false     |  regular expression for invalid input chars validation.|
| 	subquestions      | []subquestion | false|  add an array of subquestions.|
| 	show_if           | string      | false  | show current variable if conditional variable is true, for example `show_if: "serviceType=Nodeport"` |
| 	show\_subquestion_if |  string  | false     | show subquestions if is true or equal to one of the options. for example `show_subquestion_if: "true"`|

**subquestions**: `subquestions[]` cannot contain `subquestions` or `show_subquestions_if` keys, but all other keys in the above table are supported. 

### 6. Test your changes

#### Generate modified chart

> To test your modified chart you will first need to generate it. The result is a tarball containing your upstream chart 
> with patch changes applied, and overlay files added on top of it. It will be located in the `assets` directory and as mentioned above, its name will be in the form `{CHART_NAME}-{VERSION}{packageVersion}.tgz`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `make validate CHART={CHART_NAME}` to validate the chart and generate a tarball of your modified chart. This will create two directories:
- `charts/{CHART_NAME}/`: contains an unarchived version of your modified chart
- `assets/{CHART_NAME}/: contains an archived (tarball) version of your modified chart named `{CHART_NAME}-{VERSION}{packageVersion}.tgz`

It will also create several files (e.g. `index.html`, `index.yaml`, etc.) to set up a Helm repo in your current branch.

Alternatively, to skip validation, you can just run `make charts CHART={CHART_NAME}`.

To test your changes, just push the generated files to your fork as a separate commit and add your fork / branch as a Repository in the Dashboard UI. Your chart will then show up as an App in `Apps & Marketplace` under the Repository that you configured.

Make sure that you revert the generated files commit before submitting a PR!
```

This will validate and generate a tarball of your modified chart

```
make validate CHART={CHART_NAME}
```

Alternatively, this will skip validation and just generate the tarball of your modified chart (Validating it before submitting a pull request is recommended)

```
make charts CHART={CHART_NAME}
```

#### Test modified chart

An easy way to test your chart is by hosting the `assets` directory (Make sure you generate the tarball first) using 

> `python -m SimpleHTTPServer`, expose it using `ngrok`, and use the `ngrok` URL to add the chart as a custom catalog in Rancher.

Reviewer: Just run `make charts`, push the changes to your fork, and add the fork + branch to the Repositories under the Dashboard UI and that should work. No need to do python / ngrok 😄 .

See above comment for how this can be rephrased.

### 7. Pull Request

> Before staging your changes, clean up your chart's directory. This will delete the `charts` directory, so make sure you 
> generate a new patch with your changes before doing this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before staging your changes, run `make clean CHART={CHART_NAME}` to clean up your working directory. 

*Note: Any changes added to `packages/{CHART_NAME}/charts` will be lost when you run `make clean`, so always make sure to run `make patch CHART={CHART_NAME}` to save your changes before running `make clean`.*
```

```
make clean CHART={CHART_NAME}
```

At this point, you are ready to submit a pull request.

> All the contents of you chart directory should be commited, except the `charts` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you've already saved your changes with `make patch CHART={CHART_NAME}` and cleaned up your working directory with `make clean`. Then, commit all the remaining changes to `packages/{CHART_NAME}` and submit your PR to the branch `dev-v2.5-source`.
```
